To enter the Governmet you need to be a being, you will receive a lot of things after you enter.

You will receive a:
Neural-Network: "Neural Network is a way to create holograms and interfaces with your brain, it comes with the Basic Pack(BP) 1.0 and 2.0, you can use your brain to do a lot of things, such as navigate the Internet using your retina, see your UIH(Universal Identification Hologram), and change and create files in the file explorer."

And a:
Basic Pack: "The Basic Pack is a neural pack that you get when you join the Government(General Government of Beings), it gives you the ability to make holograms, retina interfaces, and to modify the world around you, the pack is basic, and other users of the Government create personal packs, some come with weapons, installed games, pack of songs, alternative hologram colors."

And also a:
Universal Identification Hologram(UIH): "UIH is a hologram that contains the Uid, it can be visualized using a hand hologram or a retina interface." 
Universal Identification(Uid): "Uid is a way to give every sentient being a unique identification."

You will also receive the chance to evolve to a neural being, if you are a Human(Homo Sapiens) you will retain your physical form but will be a neural being, a being made of neural energy, like a soul, so if your native body has needs, your evolution form or neural form won't have them, like hunger, need for oxygen, for blood or water. 

There are some Universal Laws that you will be into after you join the Government.

You cannot modify a being without the consent of it(like cutting, burning, freezing, teleporting it).
You cannot steal something from a being(like an item, an object).
You cannot break physical structures and items that don't belong to you(like a house or a sword).
Basically you cannot modify things of other beings or the beings without permission of them.
You can kill a being if you two are in a duel or fight on a simulated environment(like a game or a neural environment).