Neural-Network: "Neural Network is a way to create holograms and interfaces with your brain, it comes with the Basic Pack(BP) 1.0 and 2.0, you can use your brain to do a lot of things, such as navigate the Internet using your retina, see your UIH(Universal Identification Hologram), and change and create files in the file explorer."

Basic Pack: "The Basic Pack is a neural pack that you get when you join the Government(General Government of Beings), it gives you the ability to make holograms, retina interfaces, and to modify the world around you, the pack is basic, and other users of the Government create personal packs, some come with weapons, installed games, pack of songs, alternative hologram colors."

Hologram: "A hologram is a thing that you can touch and see, you can see a hologram because the basic pack create the hologram and sends back brainwaves to your brain, you can touch them too, like you imagine a music player, it will appear in front of you, you can choose a song by imagining it and you can click on pause with your finger, the default color of holograms that come with the Basic Pack 2.0 is Light Blue."

Retina Interface: "A retina interface is a interface that stays in your retina, and nobody but you can see the interface, it can be created by imagining it and controlled with your brain, you can open up a browser, a media player, a file explorer, the default color of the borders of Retina Interface on Basic Pack 2.0 is Light Blue, the default background color is Dark Blue."

Currency: "It's a type of currency that you can have by selling items and neural packs to other users of Government, and also making good things like helping someone that is hungry, it can be called by a lot of names, the default name is Serial Points, the icon is "SP", but if you change your currency to "HP" you will speak HP and another being will hear SP or its custom currency name."

Media Player: "The media player is a hologram or interface that connects to the Universal Music Library, it can play every song that has been made in the universe, even the procedural ones, also it can play sound physically like speakers, or it can send the sound through brainwaves to the brain of the ones that want to listen."

Being Settings Panel: "This menu can be accessed using the retina interface and it can change a lot of things, you can go to the first tab of it that is "Beings", in there you can modify how you see beings and other parts of the body, you can disable the visualization of genitals or put a censor bar, there's a tab called "Currency", where you can modify your currency, how it's the icon, the name."

Universal Identification Hologram(UIH): "UIH is a hologram that contains the Uid, it can be visualized using a hand hologram or a retina interface." 
Universal Identification(Uid): "Uid is a way to give every sentient being a unique identification."

File Explorer: "The file explorer is a interface or section of the Basic Navigator Interface that you can use to create and modify files, the info and files are stored in a holographic brain that is attached to your brain by a neural link, it can have a lot of storage space."