Hey, I'm Izaque Sanvezzo, and I'm writing this story, called Clone Network, it's the first chapter, you know.
Please read the New World documentation on the website to understand a little about this story or the technology that I talk about here.
It's a beautiful day at the life of Izaque, the Old World Izaque, living in 2019, without New World technology.
He goes to school, have fun at the computer, helps his parents with their work, and tries to make his parents happy.
But he's a little sad because it's hard to go to school and have a lot of stuff to do on the computer.
There are so many things he wants to do, but he doesn't have time.
At a specific day, he's in the computer, playing a game, and a type of flash appears close to him.
He doesn't notice it, the flash disappears and he feels a little tired.
Izaque sleeps and wakes up, he discovers that he received a New World technology, capable of making clones of himself.
He understands and learns about that technology, a New World Izaque sent him that system.
Izaque tries to use it in his room, he creates a clone called "Worker #2", which is the first clone.
The Worker clone only has the will to work and to make money, Izaque shows his parents that he made a clone.
The parents of Izaque get surprised, Worker #2 tries to work at some place in the city, to bring money home.
He works for a month and receives money, Izaque gets really happy because of that.
Now Izaque helps with the bills of the house, his parents get really happy about that.
Izaque thinks that he's slow at school, he creates a clone to learn Brazilian Portuguese, called "Português #3", and one for PE called "Educação Física #4".
The people at school get surprised when they see two Izaques, but after some time they get used to it.
The clones and Izaque #1 also received an Equestrian Magic technology or system, which gives them the ability to use Equestrian magic.
They can lift things with the power of their minds and telekinesis, Português #3 and Educação Física #4 can write without touching the pen or pencil.
Izaque #1 thinks he's sleeping bad, he creates a clone called "Sleeper #5", the clone sleeps all day and just wants to sleep.
All the clones and Izaque #1 have the same hunger, thirst and sleep needs, but only Izaque #1 eats.
After helping with the bills of the house of his parents, Izaque #1 wants to save some money on a bank account.
Worker #2 gets a promotion, he creates a bank account and starts saving money, Izaque #1 wants to buy all of the houses he lived when he was a kid.
After saving some money he buys the house and starts saving money again, Izaque decides he needs more money and creates a "Worker 2 #6".
Worker #2 works on a pizzeria, Worker 2 #6 works on a fast food restaurant, Izaque uses Worker #2 and Worker 2 #6 to save money on the bank and buy his childhood houses.
Then he decides he wants better things, a better computer, he wants to fill the house of his parents with food.
He creates a clone called "Worker 3 #7", after working on a good job, Worker 3 buys a new computer for Izaque.
Izaque thanks him, it was a computer with 32GB RAM, a 10TB Hard drive, a 4.00GHz processor, and a good graphics card.
After some time, Izaque is happy with his life, the life of Izaque #1 is using the computer, writing stories, playing games, managing the clones, eating.
Izaque decides his clones need a smartphone, so they can communicate with each other.
Worker 1, 2 and 3 saves money to buy 20 equal smartphones and 20 mobile chips of a network called "Oi".
Izaque #1, Worker #2, Português #3, Educação Física #4, Sleeper #5, Worker 2 #6, and Worker 3 #7 gets a smartphone.
The three worker clones buy a car for them, Worker 3 #7 takes Português and Educação Física to school and brings them back home when they need.
Worker 3 #7 fills the house of the parents of Izaque #1 with one year worth of food.
Izaque #1 decides he wants to finish school quick, he creates a clone called "Português 2 #8", one called "Inglês #9", another clone "Inglês 2 #10", and another called "Artes #11".
And creates another one called "Escritor #12" and gives him a smartphone to write his stories when he can't.
So the list goes like this: "Izaque #1, Worker #2, Português #3, Educação Física #4, Sleeper #5, Worker 2 #6, Worker 3 #7, Português 2 #8, Inglês #9, Inglês 2 #10, Artes #11, Escritor #12".
Izaque is happy with his life, he finished buying all of his childhood houses and haves R$200.000 stored in the bank.
He finished paying the cars and houses he was buying, and always pay the bills of the house of his parents every month, his parents don't need to work anymore.
Some times when his family needs, Worker 3 #7 gives a little money, to his sister, Gabi, his other sister, Aline, or his brother, Cristiano.
The routine of Izaque #1 is like this, he wakes up at 06:00 am, eats breakfast, turns on his computer and start writing one chapter of one of his stories.
Then he plays some games for some time, he also knows PHP and has a lot of sites to make and to upload, he loves programming and making sites.
Izaque #1 also has a 1TB Music Library on his computer and smartphone, he spends his entire day on the computer, and taking breaks to eat.
He wanted to live like this, doing his productive stuff at the computer, writing stories, making websites, playing games, talking to his friends on Discord.
Izaque #1 thinks he's blessed to receive a technology like that from a New World universe or planet.
Worker #2 and Worker 2 #6 don't visit the house of the parents of Izaque too much, they just deposit the money at the bank account and continue working.
That was the life that Izaque dreamed of, being able to do a lot of stuff at the same time, and being productive.
At a specific day, Sleeper was awakened by the parents of Izaque #1, and all the Izaques were sleepy all day, Português 1 and 2 couldn't focus on the class.
Worker 1, 2 and 3 couldn't focus on the job, Izaque #1 made a voice call with all the Izaques at the same time, telling that his parents woke up Sleeper and he can't sleep anymore.
Izaque said he's trying to fix that, to get him to sleep again, that day was fun, Izaque #1 could get Sleeper to sleep again, and everything went back to normal.
There's also a subsystem Izaque, called the Izaque #0, the one who says which clones use which systems.
Only Izaque #1 can use the Clones System, any clone can use the Equestrian Magic System, Teleportation System and the Headphone connected to the Universal Music Library.
On Sundays and Saturdays Worker 3 #7 takes Português #3, Educação Física #4, Português 2 #8, Inglês #9, Inglês 2 #10 and Artes #11 to a hangout.
Izaque #1 owns 5 houses, he's planning on buying another one and populate all the houses with clones named "Morador".
Izaque #1 is pretty expressive and proud about his clones, one day a friend of Português #3 asked him how he can create clones.
He replied saying that Izaque #1 received a "blessing", that he received a technology from the future, which can create clones.
Português #3 is proud of being an Izaque clone, he studies and writes in his notebook using Equestrian Magic, the aura of his telekinetic field is orange.
He can talk with his friends at school because he doesn't need to look at his notebook to write, he can feel the letters with his telekinetic field.
Worker 3 #7 loved to help his parents, his family and to help the other clones, he's a really kind guy.
Escritor #12 also helps Izaque #1 when he needs, with games, stories, and websites, also for eating, he prepares food for Izaque #1 when he's busy.
Izaque #1 is planning on buying another computer, for Escritor to write stories better, and for other clones to use the computer too.
To reply to Discord messages quicker, to play games, to download things faster and better.
The life of Izaque changed drastically since the gift he received, and he loves his life right now, he has time to do a lot of stuff.
He wants to expand, to reproduce this Izaque race, fill the world with Izaques, he wants to have 20 clones working on stories.
20 replying social media messages, 20 working on jobs to earn money, 20 playing games, 20 downloading stuff, 25 to manage the money.
30 making websites, 25 buying stuff, 10 for eating, drinking, sleeping, taking baths, 30 for visiting his friends.
Izaque #1 wants to be proud of calling this network the Clone Network, teams of Izaques to do a lot of stuff.
First, he needs to populate the 5 empty houses he owns, he owns 6, but he lives on one, all of his current 12 clones are deactivated when they are not in use.
When Escritor finishes 3 chapters of 3 different stories he's deactivated, when all the 6 clones who go to school are done with going to school on that day, they are deactivated.
Izaque #1 is pretty happy with the life he has now.